Dear {{name}},

Congratulations! Your talk,
"{{title}}"
has been accepted to PyCon 2017!

Please read through this email carefully for your next steps.

The committee judged the version of your talk that was submitted by our
deadline. You can see that version of your talk here,
{{url}}

Visiting this link will confirm that you've received this email; please
review your proposal. If you have any changes you need to make, please let
me know.

We'll be announcing the list of accepted talks shortly. If
you can no longer give this talk, please contact me right away so I
can find a replacement. If you need to make changes to your title or
abstract, please contact me.

We haven't yet completed the schedule, so we don't yet know whether
you've been allocated a 30 or a 45 minute time slot. We'll be
announcing the schedule shortly, so please stay tuned.

If you have particular scheduling requirements (if you plan to come to
PyCon late or leave early, for example), please let me know today or
tomorrow, so that I can take your requirements into account.

You should register for the conference at
https://us.pycon.org/2017/registration/
as soon as possible; please don't delay, tickets do sell out!

Unlike many conferences, PyCon doesn't give free tickets to speakers,
nor do we cover travel expenses. We do this because PyCon is a
grassroots, community-organized conference and our core mission is to
keep costs low. Thus, we ask everybody who can afford to pay to do so.
However, we recognize that buying tickets and paying for travel can
represent a financial hardship to some, and we really want to see you
at PyCon! If you can't afford a ticket and/or travel expenses,
please apply for financial aid.

More information about financial aid can be found at
https://us.pycon.org/2017/financial-assistance/. If you're applying, make sure
to mention that you're an accepted speaker.  Please contact the financial
aid team at pycon-aid@python.org if you have any questions.

If you need assistance with visas or immigration documents, please
contact our registration team (pycon2017@cteusa.com).

If you have any other questions, comments, or feedback, please feel
free to contact me (njl@njl.us), or the conference chair, Brandon Rhodes
(pycon.brandon@gmail.com).

On behalf of the PyCon staff, I want to thank you for your submission.
We're really looking forward to seeing you at the conference; PyCon 2017
promises to be the best PyCon yet, and that's because of our amazing
speakers. We're thrilled that you're one of them.

See you in Portland!



Ned Jackson Lovely
Program Chair, PyCon 2017
njl@njl.us

P.S. We'd like to have a collection of past proposals we can use in the
future to help potential PyCon speakers out. If you are amenable
to us publicly sharing your proposal, please reply to this email and let
me know!
